HCIDOCS-307: Added a release note for Dell iDRAC. (#77074)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

//|===

[id="ocp-4-16-dell-idrac-removed"]
==== Dell iDRAC driver for BMC addressing removed

> {product-title} {product-version} supports basebard management controller (BMC) addressing with Dell servers as documented in xref:../installing/installing_bare_metal_ipi/ipi-install-installation-workflow.html#bmc-addressing-for-dell-idrac_ipi-install-installation-workflow[BMC addressing for Dell iDRAC]. Specifically, it supports `idrac-virtualmedia`, `redfish`, and `ipmi`. In previous versions, `idrac` was included, but not documented or supported. In {product-title} {product-version}, `idrac` has been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} {product-version} supports baseboard management controller (BMC) addressing with Dell servers as documented in xref:../installing/installing_bare_metal_ipi/ipi-install-installation-workflow.adoc#bmc-addressing-for-dell-idrac_ipi-install-installation-workflow[BMC addressing for Dell iDRAC]. Specifically, it supports `idrac-virtualmedia`, `redfish`, and `ipmi`. In previous versions, `idrac` was included, but not documented or supported. In {product-title} {product-version}, `idrac` has been removed.
```
See: https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/macros/inter-document-xref/
